everyone ready cool all right so welcome
everyone to the Jessup EFS supportive
team weekly February 12th as usual like
if this is the first time I see that
call familiar faces well just give a
heads up for the viewers to see this
recording there is the recording of the
first office Inc UPS listed on the
github issue I'm just a business and
that's one as instructions of all these
files work and now we structured work on
just a fitness so this is the first time
you are checking one of these columns
definitely check that one first is good
give you the knowledge of we we started
here as usual just like the roundel
updates before we do there are a lot of
things we have to select or elect or
have someone volunteer to be the
note-taker with someone like to be this
week
Dimitri and okay we're already
sacrificed
someone you could take the role this
week wrong sorry just itching my eyebrow
I just did the notes for the last
meeting so I'm gonna do
probably Jared you don't hear this well
all right so this is Volker or Dickie
would you like to take it against okay
DJ thank you so much Jeff
cool okay so do you want to start yes
okay if just too many windows open it's
always hard to unmute myself so all
right so yeah so last week I spent time
again on the IP LD CI stuff and today we
merge many of the things so hopefully
tomorrow there will be tech support in
ipfs IPL the CLI and for the next week I
work on the graph swing stuff which
means I will work on the IP a deselect
us and that's it
that's all I have I was blocked in the
morning but I'm not bluffing more API
the COI API for the back I know you
you've been in a little bit like to like
so some of the formats are now pretty
being Jason you probably want to make it
very uniform like from apps that format
itself should a different function so
that we can always print in a way that's
the format implement here in the ability
to be creative on this UI you fall what
I'm saying yeah but if you think it's
all all the next steps and I will
probably concentrate on the grafting
stuff first and then come back to the
IDE stuff so basically getting the API
stuff working and then go from there
got it cool did you look here at all
into IPL the Explorers look we have an
example of another JSON Explorer
did you look in said yep no I haven't
yet okay okay all for my questions yeah
cool thank you so much it's great to
have so many formats to review all the
time
cool next I can go next what here's I'll
just here next I actually have to
because because things so I want about
done was sleek was I renamed we prefix
warm loop you switch so finally as a
name it everyone proposed and also play
the baby I found about your bugs in the
process and fix those things while I was
doing the renamed so switch where I
Ronin is hearing a pen for the first
time is good thing you know we could
appear that understands free maxing and
Furcal maxing to go out to the right
here
it also understands connection reuse and
and really so then I click up that
change
- Jessica appear and also activated just
like peer-to-peer and took in a new
feature requests well now we ever met
just like for dialing protocols before
the tile methods could take an argument
assuming the protocol or not apparently
that was confusing and yes like it makes
it hard for VA to optimize when you have
methods with a lot of polymorphism on in
so now we have accepted minutes mile
which is how much is the connection on
my opera call it's how much is the
connection if me need an excellence the
protocol I cannot make God worked while
doing these events because what I was
really focusing on is the next version
of the pier appears like that we factor
that so remove the rentable points and
so on but I got for my NPN because of
p.m. sciatic problems and like my
publishers stopped appearing and they
only fixed it's Friday because I got
block there I said I could be into other
things and so I went to just be a Pio
ends which has been having some problems
especially on running browser tests web
package is leaking so you have to fix
that it's like I found I mean to me do
so
now we have browser test running because
of that like I got next late wife and I
went to a BFS VHDL so that big-ass
factory and we factory go whole module
mean to be three words from that and we
found like some bug something's missing
now on this process because it's our
always a chain or it's always a tree or
things I also had to fix it here because
the way that you cannot be here we well
is that it since I was getting I think
okay so if the person from the other
side of the ocean
who
so yeah on the way it loads feature so
that's a breaking change but yeah like
do some other work that was done two
weeks ago there was to fixate year to
figure progression and so so yeah
essentially again my focus continues to
be and I see what this week is like
every fact appear there is an issue that
we saw things I already believe a couple
and I do not have anything that I'm
blocked on right now order then yeah
just being like Walkman p.m. or nerd so
I've done other things or 20 pixel
things yeah three go ahead so are you on
blocked or MPN yeah I didn't fix the
other problems
yeah I also let me know if I missed
something
yeah that's from me I know I just like
went through a bunch of things are gonna
play the end it looks like you it's over
for me what's the next yeah I have a few
peers open and issues in mdns if you
could take a look at and Guinness yes
about the polling right oh yeah and
there's a couple fixes there too
oh okay okay I just want to say cuz I'm
on a really dodgy internet connection
big storm here we can hear you all right
cool thank you if you want to list those
issues again it always helps me to make
sure that I look at things but I will
pour it up it is cool Saturday noise
yeah so in the last poll I mentioned EGS
minimum so this we deployed the testing
container I'll open an issue where we
can start gathering ideas what kind of
telemetry we want together and for our
initial release we're using the
WebSockets start to limit the number of
transport connections what we really
want to move to WebRTC star and just
blocked by having the connection manager
moved into the page to prevent us from
opening too many connections and in
crashing decision connection management
getting merged in would you say also the
selectors conversation microphone yeah
yeah so I mean our our use selectors we
want to use are very very simple as a
full path or half of clogging and so if
need be we can write our own protocol
that does that without waiting for the
full richness of graph Salters okay yeah
like so this week will be about getting
production
yeah yeah we're still at the Limpy to be
level another day yeah yeah like we PI
like yeah yeah whoo so while out the
other so raw Jared and machi
do you guys want to share nothing
yes I would like to share so I fixed
WebSocket star and I am currently
working on rewriting no trust to fix the
situation of just certificates to
prevent them from getting revoked by any
user are you working on something magic
unblocked on the dynamic injection thing
and for what's a good star rewrite so
then let's refactor
my because like it's so big and I go
back so many things it might me take
take me like a week or two to finish
depending on like if other things
explodes
do you have any other thing that you
like want to focus on right now that we
can also unblock you while you wait
actually no okay okay cool what about
Darren and you have any question in
between I just what's the what's the
stuff that matches for Karen for this
week just a step and it seems like he
doesn't have any specific thing to work
actually I said it in the beginning that
I was going to work on rewriting no
trust and sweet to finish that this week
I received it like you have finished
rewriting no trusts cosmic actually
started this week because I forgot it
last week
but yeah Rob Jared you have anything you
like to explain just Cherbourg even if
you have a quick question I guess I can
give a quick update I'm not really
working on anything just
ipfs in particular but continuing to
sort of like do research on the doc
stuff and hopefully my big goal this
week is to get a little bit of a
write-up of summary of what I've seen
and heard from people so far written up
and had to figure out exactly where to
share that so that people can see it and
give feedback on it and I had a really
great conversation with dahveed at the
end of last week about sort of use cases
and goals and people using Jos IVFs as
opposed to other ipfs parts which is a
little different which was super
interesting and if anybody here also has
things they think I should know or
feedback about the docs please let me
know
get in touch on IRC or slack I should be
mr. Oberg mr0 goog everywhere so that's
it on that I think thank you
yeah if you want to create an issue
about your notes on Jessica's specific
repos you can use them in Jessica's
people or even the IBF s fashion notes
like that is also a good place to try
things cool cool so I mean the best
I do not open the horn and just like
like do the exercise I just like doing
my career key it's like if someone wants
to do that for you
yeah and so this week or I'm sorry last
week I kind of helped the be played some
of the reflector for I because the
and I started looking into or working on
the tutorial for circuit and I named
brainstorming some few things and trying
to put something wording together also
still struggling with the CI for the
interrupt tests random failure things
like that I think there's I've got most
of those stations documented and I am as
soon as I found something else I tried
to log it but basically yep that's
that's where I'm at for last week and
this week I'm planning on finishing the
tutorial and hopefully being able to
resolve of those see is your score at
least have some of them maybe maybe even
get merged and but understand every
memory is just issues we're running into
and hopefully have a clean path to fix
it but I don't got it - its ringing also
Rob's question and so the tutorial is
for circuit prelate so it's like when
you go and yeah maybe two retreats
quickly check in with Rob and like
cady's perspective yeah right it's
tutorial it should be something very
similar to what we have been just the
best slash examples like in the review
of course you can be creative and but it
should well the user through the process
and explain to the user what the heck
so that's what I mean by following that
pinpoint what what is exactly the
problems with CI own Interop there's a
there's a few issues with go edifice
itself that are being fixed with the
latest release install and master now I
was the huge PR that was upsetting for
for a few weeks but it hasn't been
released yet so inside relay issues long
ago ipfs documentation it is so much
just with just island
types out and I believe it's due to to
reuse board functionality
happy fence for you sport yeah which has
been addressed in this in the latest
master dome but I'm not police and that
gets in the way and it sort of pops up
randomly and I had a conversation with
Steve Allen and we identified that that
was one of the issues that is possibly
the most pervasive one then I also run
into the Mac ID there's or they're not
the market just in my parish that would
sessio again it's just so the major
issue pops up with Jenkins because we
have all the different operating systems
and versions running Windows Linux and
Mac OS the board effects massive
MapQuest mostly then there's some
timeout issues but like every run
there's a selection of issues that could
affect one or two or three of those
environments right my effect all of them
but I can't get like a clean run a clean
pass on so reuse board he does for TCP
can you can you try making the best fast
side sockets or UDP I can I can try
using WebSockets the problem is that
since Jas will dial WebSockets by
default it will be able to dial might be
able to die out to go directly so that's
why I kind of avoided using that
actually that's a good test because if
you have like two nodes at listen on
WebSockets what you want to do a real a
connection from one to the other you
might want your data and so you might
have a secret relay multi other that
explains that and so far more today
switch should just use that peer-to-peer
secret other and not try to break into
pieces the
right now it's possible and I don't
think there's gonna be any interest when
I just started structuring the tests I
kind of land it or not having go enable
anticipate because from that issue that
right now I'm using explicit
circled addresses to make the connection
so that shouldn't be an issue I should
be just able to use this your specific
so I can I can try that I can that's a
good idea and take it yeah that should
get your what TCP is for check there's
also I said that's right I said before
you sports the folks and it seems to
help sometimes but it's called face so
I'm not sure but I think they say win
that ok so here's another idea like we
know that they go ipfs notes tends to
sometimes shut down the connections from
WebSockets and that's why we keep
connecting to them when we are a browser
knows it might be the next connection is
getting closed while you're doing the
relay and that's what you are seeing so
try to do relay not from a browser to
VoIP FS but from nodejs to go through
and like see if all that works well with
WebSockets because then that way you
remove the browser from the equation
like and you remove TCP from yeah no it
don't work I can tell you that those
work I got a full battery of tests and
you know it's it's only it's only one
specific case that could fail just I
would like to ignore like I stayed up
late sip it freely because it's not done
because like there's no tutorial it's in
dessert already a bunch of tests like I
were ready to pass like some say good
relay configurations yes whatsapp those
mics keep the other ones like glue dot
skip
and the arrests on like separate pr's
because they might meet and something
like people can use and try then okay oh
yeah I'll try to keep the the tests that
are being the most problematic and see
if I can get me yeah keep it super
useful to understand oh yeah yeah I'll
get it with a note saying that this this
one is disabled for now because of XYZ
issue
alright so sorry everyone because like
this was more like almost like a
technical like a most pair discussion on
this call was designed just be a
stand-up and also to check in on
progress doing the the last things which
ties that we typically do is going
through the waffle board and
understanding what are we have five
minutes last week Jared as it can be
answered loading the waffle board a
couple questions general project
organization number one is are there any
current webassembly projects being tied
into either an PM or the browser we
don't have any of the ipfs pieces you
know assembly yet there is rest sleep
you dear and rustic appear there it has
parts that compound to an assembly but
we haven't did the wiring like so we
it's there you can try it out check it
out those organized under the rust
project and not under JSI PFS or
anything because like if you go to get a
rest - will be repair you find it but
yeah okay
and then on the ji PFS that can load
under npm environment
or any of those projects intended to be
optional replacements for equivalent go
ipfs libraries so your question may like
I'm not sure if I understand your
question let me try to answer so there
is today
gsib personalization which is designed
to be a full implementation of the ipfs
protocol it supports everything it'll
utilize it supports everything it's like
a fetus does yes there are some parts
that are but still so we are still
working on them but but like you should
be able to switch back and forth all the
girl PFS move in the GOP past noon and
like your application should not have to
distinguish them like at all we we've
been designing the interfaces so that
they map clearly like you you have just
a BFS and Jessica's API which is the
client library and they they have the
same interface it doesn't make sense my
answer
like do I did I with my your question
yes yeah that that makes sense I was
just wondering if there's some kind of
trade-off between the language projects
covering different areas or if there's
kind of intention for complete overlap
they're there because in the end we want
ipfs to be a protocol as ubiquitous as
pervasive as HTTP and so like whenever
you get on an issue be quiet on and like
not just present in the browser watching
functionality the of course like because
Girl it's girl like you get faster
speeds because just like the wave girl
works and yes because it's jazz you can
get on a browser without necessarily
playing and yeah so there there are
differences but from the application it
should look the same and then and then
not you you will notice differences in
performance
like how crazy you can go and so that's
pretty much it
cool so we are to me
it's or one minutes from the end again
do people I just want to make this
question do people go through the wars
last week and I check issues that are
with p0 right now
was there like I guess not okay all
right so can I ask everyone to go to the
wards and I check the p 0 and P ones
because remember the labels are there
for a reason
I think it's really the most important
things and so if you find something it's
on your app or that you are interested
in checking on just just go at it
because it's right now it's super super
of course I came here super busy and
you're already super focused on doing a
bunch of stuff just just keep laying
back also right the whole community if
you go to the local board and you check
the L point of issues and like you check
the difficulty like easy medium whether
it's in hearts you will find a bunch of
issues that you can help out typically
those issues are great for newcomers so
that they get familiar with the project
all right thank you everyone
today I just have one miscellaneous
question if we're done with everything
else which is like this probably not
really time here but if somebody doesn't
mind like either on IRC or on a separate
gym chat with somebody mind giving me
the rundown on know trust or at least
like where to read up more about it
because that's come up in the last two
calls and I was having trouble like
finding it more information about it
yeah like so much yes are you still
around yeah cool so did you get Stan's
request
yeah cool so there is also a demo so
much he either demo I'm not sure like I
think people say December you do the
demo right match it
think about December November around
that time yeah January January dude do
you know which day so that we find that
the call recording so that we can show
it to rob so the D knows how your trust
rigsy I think it was the second off
first call in January
okay okay can you can you take the leave
am i fighting at all the same problem I
think I will take forever anyway sorry
okay I think it we're taking forever
anyway okay I can try to help you I'll
just go through the notes and see which
color the demo buddy I robbed so there
is a call with the demo like magic
skills and I chose the project there is
a repo there's a website actually and
yeah like from there then yeah feel
welcome to ask any questions like me or
Komachi perfect I will I'll look at the
repo in the site and also updates for
the note to is it the note was it the
demo and this meeting or the All Hands
all Amazon's okay if you go through the
meeting notes on my PFS / p.m. calls I'm
sure you'll find a demo and then you
just have to find the respective call on
you to the all ends playlist great thank
you
all right all right cool thank you
everyone
sweet okay so yeah mommy's just like put
to the issue on at the best day of on
IRC for us to like follow up on the
requests from the previous call which is
give ideas of like what things to
evaluate on tests that kind of
experiments and what kind of telemetry
together yeah
so well let's like just do a random
there this week just to get the
conversation started we get everything
set up
cool all right thank you so much
everyone
yeah see you next week hey hey yeah just
like find out what just make sure
everyone feels confident on what they
are going to work on c1t honey all right
that's well this calls for cool take
care bye hey guys
goodbye